Affiliate Terms of Use & Privacy Policy

By filling out the signup form you acknowledge that you have read our affiliate program terms and conditions, understand, and agree with them.

Joining the Program

By filling out the signup form, and upon acceptance, you will become an affiliate and are bound by the terms of this agreement. Your participation in the program is solely for this purpose: to legally advertise our websites to receive a commission on products purchased by your referred individuals.

Affiliate Responsibilities
It is understood that you will introduce our Products to your current and prospective customers and will comply with all laws as well as those that govern email marketing and anti-spam laws.

We reserve the right to accept or reject any prospective customers and will pay you a commission per customer referred using your affiliate code according to the designated payment schedule.

Either you or we, may terminate the Affiliate relationship at any time. You are only eligible to earn Affiliate payments during your time as an approved Affiliate.

We may change the program or service policies and operating procedures at any time.

Affiliate Relationship
This Affiliate relationship is one of the independent contractors. We will not be liable for indirect, special or consequential damages arising in connection with this program and our aggregate liability arising with respect to this program will not exceed the total referral fees paid or payable to you.

We makes no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the program. In addition, we make no representation that the operation of the service will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we will not be liable for the consequences of any interruptions or errors.

Revocation of Affiliate Status
Reason for termination of your affiliate application and status in the program may be (but is not limited to) any of the following:

1) Inappropriate advertisements (false claims, misleading hyperlinks) 
2) Illegal spamming (mass email, mass newsgroup posting, etc.)
3) Advertising on sites containing/promoting illegal activities
4) Violation of intellectual property rights
5) Inability to setup links or refer clients to Kissmyketo.com

Affiliate Links
You may use graphic and text links both on your website and in emails.

The program may also be advertised "offline" in classified ads, magazines, and newspapers.

You may use the graphics and text provided to you by us, or you may create your own as long as they are deemed appropriate according to our terms & conditions.

If you intend to promote our Program via e-mail campaigns, you must adhere to the following:

1. Abide by the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (Public Law No. 108-187) with respect to our Program.
2. E-mail must be sent on your behalf and must not imply that the e-mail is being sent on behalf of Kissmyketo.com

Affiliate Tracking
When a web surfer clicks through your affiliate link or custom coupon code, a cookie is set in their browser that contains your affiliate username.
Also, their IP address is tracked in the database along with your affiliate name. When this person decides to buy a product, the script will look for this cookie and/or try to match their IP address to identify the affiliate who referred this sale, will be awarded the commission.

Visitors sent through your affiliate link or custom coupon code may make a purchase later in time and the commission will still be awarded if the cookie is present in their browser and/or they are using the same IP address as the one logged in the database.

Terms of the agreement
These terms will begin upon your signup with the affiliate program and will end when your affiliate account is terminated.

The terms of this agreement may be modified by us at any time. If any modification to the terms is unacceptable to you, your only choice is to terminate your affiliate account.

Your continuing participation in the program will constitute your acceptance of any change.

Liability
We will not be liable for indirect or accidental damages (loss of revenue, commissions) due to affiliate tracking failures, loss of database files, and any results of "intents of harm" to the program or our website.

We do not make any expressed or implied warranties with respect to the affiliate program and/or products sold at this site.

We make no claim that the operation of the affiliate program and our website will be error-free and we will not be liable for any interruptions or errors.

By submitting your application, you acknowledge that you have read the terms and conditions, understand, and agree with them.

LINKING TO OUR WEBSITE
Upon acceptance into our affiliate program, links will be made available to you through the affiliate interface. Your acceptance in our program means you agree to and abide by the following.

1. You will only use linking code or a custom discount code obtained from the affiliate interface.
2. Your Website will not in any way copy, resemble, or mirror the look and feel of our Website. You will also not use any means to create the impression that your Website is our Website or any part of our Website including, without limitation, framing of our Website in any manner.
4. You may not engage in cookie stuffing or include pop-ups, false or misleading links on your website. In addition, wherever possible, you will not attempt to mask the referring URL information (i.e. the page from where the click is originating).
5. Using redirects to bounce a click off of a domain from which the click did not originate in order to give the appearance that it came from that domain is prohibited. If you are found redirecting links to hide or manipulate their original source, your current and past commissions will be voided or your commission level will be set to 0%.
This does not include using “out” redirects from the same domain where the affiliate link is placed.

PPC GUIDELINES
If you are enrolled in our Program and participate in PPC advertising, you must adhere to our PPC guidelines as follows:
1. You may not bid on any of our trademarked terms (Including Kissmyketo.com), or any variations or misspellings thereof for search or content-based campaigns on Google, MSN, Yahoo or any other network.
2. You may not use our trademarked terms in sequence with any other keyword (i.e. Kissmyketo Coupon).
3. You may not use our trademarked terms in your ad title, ad copy, display name or as the display URL.
4. You may not direct link to our website from any Pay Per Click ad or use redirects that yield the same result. Affiliates must be directed to an actual page on your website.

COUPON GUIDELINES
If you are enrolled in our Program and your Website promotes coupon codes, you must adhere to our Coupon Guidelines as follows:
1. You may ONLY advertise coupon codes that are provided to you through the affiliate program.
2. Posting any information about how to work around the requirements of a coupon/promotion (ie first-time customers only) will result in removal from the program.
3. You may NOT advertise coupon codes obtained from our non-affiliate advertising, customer e-mails, paid search, or any other campaign.


DOMAIN NAMES
Use of any of our trademarked terms as part of the domain or sub-domain for your website is strictly prohibited i.e. Kissmyketo.com

SOCIAL MEDIA
Promotion on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and other social media platforms is permitted following these general guidelines:

1. You are ALLOWED to promote offers to your own lists; more specifically, you’re welcome to use your affiliate links or your custom discount code on your own Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, etc. pages.

2. You are PROHIBITED from posting your affiliate links or custom discount codes on Our Official Facebook, Twitter, etc. company pages in an attempt to turn those links into affiliate sales.